feelings the emotion of being here in
the tunnel here had not been since
then he had not come back and be
exciting we give satisfaction and I
full of pride
of good in some way represented
from Valencian
the emotions the sensations the
memories are only are alive the same and
now appear to climb the field
the valence will always be
these are 10 years of my life
both personal and professional
the team that gave me the opportunity to
be a player to grow as a game like
person as it arrives logically looks at a
player when I let another go but but
the valence has given me everything is already
been a very important part of the
career trajectory of my career
it has also been physical and generally the
game number 12 in many moments and that
noticeable
I think it's important that this guy
so that the players know where
the
in the state of import that has this
shield have
and photo hanging on the wall and that's a
shows that really good then
we did well and we got great
Titles
paco alcácer present and future sure of
this club that will give many successes I think
that as central the real left
but that for him is important too
see with the bracelet is in that sense
important
and it has also given a lot of character and
personality to the defense
ah
especially the cup of '99
after the first title
it's too long to move forward without winning
and then the rest, well, with a certain
envy in some way also
happy that the club
will continue to grow and win titles
it's a difficult time to explain with
words what represents this era
above all we had them the way
they take it to whoever could be beaten
I do not follow any complex of
inferiority
and knowing that it could hurt him
this super dessert of nothing on the facade
of mestalla
to be part of sharing a couple in
this case with these legends is like
As a player
apart from the titles and the
the recognition parties of the
people are what most fill you with the
teams that need this is a
trigger that makes them believe that
can effectively the article for
we was undoubtedly that cup to give a
cup made the team breyer that the
titles were possible and from that
I also work the club in a dynamic
in a philosophy and an idea since the
club
find your own identity and
the writers came by logically
the work of
of all